.TH markdown-latex 1
.SH NAME
markdown-latex \- Compiles markdown into LaTeX
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B markdown-latex
[\fB\-o\fR \fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR \fIFONT_SIZE\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR \fIDOCUMENT_TYPE\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR \fIMARGIN\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR \fICOLOR_FILE\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR \fIFONT_SIZE\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR]
[\fBINPUT_FILE\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B markdown-latex
takes as an input a \fI.md\fR file and creates a \fILaTeX\fR file that can be compiled with any \fILaTeX\fR compiler.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-o\fR <OUTPUT_FILE>
Sets the file where the compiled code is going to be saved.
If the output file already exists it will be overwritten without warning.
If not specified the default is to use standard output.
.TP
.B \-s\fR <FONT_SIZE>
Sets the font size to be used in the compiled \fILaTeX\fR document
.TP
.B \-d\fR <DOCUMENT_TYPE>
Specifies the type of \fILaTeX\fR document to create.
The default is "\fIreport\fR"
.TP
.B \-m\fR <MARGIN>
Specifies the margin size to be used in the compiled \fILaTeX\fR file.
The units which are valid include "\fIcm\fR", "\fImm\fR" and "\fIin\fR".
.TP
.B \-c\fR <COLOR_FILE>
Specifies the color file to be used to highlight code.
See the online documentation for more information.
.TP
.B \-l\fR
Sets the compiled document to landscape.
By default documents are formatted in portrait mode.
If more than one "\fI\-l\fR" or "\fI\-p\fR" is specified the the last one in the command will be used.
.TP
.B \-p\fR
Sets the compiled document to portrait.
By default documents are formatted in portrait mode.
If more than one "\fI\-l\fR" or "\fI\-p\fR" is specified the the last one in the command will be used.
.TP
<INPUT_FILE>
The input "\fI.md\fR" file is specified at the end of the command.
The file is not edited by the program.
If not specified then standard input will be used as an input instead. 
